Create aspnetcore-10.0.md (#34624)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/release-notes/aspnetcore-10.0.md

---
title: What's new in ASP.NET Core 10.0
author: rick-anderson
description: Learn about the new features in ASP.NET Core 10.0.
ms.author: riande
ms.custom: mvc

> ms.date: 2/5/2025

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.date: 02/05/2025
```

uid: aspnetcore-10
---
# What's new in ASP.NET Core 10.0

This article highlights the most significant changes in ASP.NET Core 10.0 with links to relevant documentation.

> This article will be updated as new preview releases are made available. See the [Asp.Net Core announcement page](https://github.com/aspnet/announcements/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+milestone%3A1.0.0-rc2) until this page is update.

Reviewer: Is it a typo or is there a reason why this link looks for rc2 announcements?

```suggestion
This article will be updated as new preview releases are made available. See the [Asp.Net Core announcement page](https://github.com/aspnet/announcements/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+milestone%3A1.0.0-rc2) until this page is updated.
```

<!-- New content should be added to ~/aspnetcore-9/includes/newFeatureName.md files. This will help prevent merge conflicts in this file. -->

## Blazor

This section describes new features for Blazor.

## SignalR

> This section describes new features for authentication and authorization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes new features for SignalR.
```

## Minimal APIs

This section describes new features for minimal APIs.

## Authentication and authorization

> ASP.NET Core 9 adds new features to authentication and authorization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes new features for authentication and authorization.

## Miscellaneous

> The following sections describe miscellaneous new features in ASP.NET Core 9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes miscellaneous new features in ASP.NET Core 9.
```

> ## Additional resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Related content
```
Suggestion is per the official content pattern library:
```
<!-- Optional: Related content - H2

Consider including a "Related content" H2 section that 
lists links to 1 to 3 articles the user might find helpful.

-->
```
